[CCV-1373] Improve GCP documentation (#21676)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/google_cloud.md

**Note**: [Datadog Google Cloud Platform integration][4] will automatically monitor any projects this Service Account has access to.
Cloud Cost processes all resources in a project, regardless of the Metrics Collection limits defined per integration.

### Enable detailed usage cost export
<div class="alert alert-info">
The <a href="https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/export-data-bigquery-tables/detailed-usage">detailed usage cost data</a> provides all the information included in the standard usage cost data, along with additional fields that provide granular, resource-level cost data.
</div>

 1. Navigate to [Billing Export][1] under Google Cloud console *Billing*.
 2. Enable the [Detailed Usage cost][2] export (select or create a project and a BigQuery dataset).
 3. Document the `Billing Account ID` for the billing account where the export was configured, as well as the export `Project ID` and `Dataset Name`.

#### Enable Google Service APIs
The following permissions allow Datadog to access and transfer the billing export into the storage bucket using a scheduled BigQuery query.

> - Enable the [BigQuery API][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable the [BigQuery API][5].
```

  1. In the Google Cloud console, go to the project selector page and select your Google Cloud project.
  2. Enable billing on your project for all transfers.

> - Enable the [BigQuery Data Transfer Service][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable the [BigQuery Data Transfer Service][5].
```

  1. Open the BigQuery Data Transfer API page in the API library.
  2. From the dropdown menu, select the appropriate project.
  3. Click the ENABLE button.

  **Note:** BigQuery Data Transfer API needs to be enabled on the Google Project that contains the service account.

#### Configure export project access
[Add the service account as a principal on the export dataset project resource][7]:

> 1.  Navigate to the IAM page in the Google Cloud console and select the export dataset project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the IAM page in the Google Cloud console and select the export dataset project.
```

2. Select the service account as a principal.
3. Select a role with the following permissions to grant from the drop-down list:
  * `bigquery.jobs.create`
  * `bigquery.transfers.get`
  * `bigquery.transfers.update`

  **Note:** This can be a custom role, or you can use the existing Google Cloud role `roles/bigquery.admin`.

#### Configure export BigQuery dataset access
[Add the service account as a principal on the export BigQuery dataset resource][8]:
1. In the Explorer pane on the BigQuery page, expand your project and select the export BigQuery dataset.

> 2. Click 'Sharing > Permissions' and then 'Add principal'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Sharing > Permissions** and then **add principal**.
```

> 3. In the New principals field, enter the service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the new principals field, enter the service account.
```

> 4. Using the Select a role list, assign a role with the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Using the select a role list, assign a role with the following permissions:
```

- Enable the BigQuery API
  1. In the Google Cloud console, go to the project selector page and select your Google Cloud project.
  2. Enable billing on your project for all transfers.

   **Note:** BigQuery Data Transfer API needs to be enabled on the Google Project that contains the service account.

- Enable the BigQuery Data Transfer Service
  1. Open the BigQuery Data Transfer API page in the API library.
  2. From the dropdown menu, select the appropriate project.
  3. Click the ENABLE button.

#### Configure export project access
[Add the service account as a principal on the export dataset project resource][7]:
1. Select the export dataset project in the Google Cloud console (go to the IAM page).
2. Select the service account as a principal.
3. Select a role with the following permissions to grant from the drop-down list:
  * `bigquery.jobs.create`
  * `bigquery.transfers.get`
  * `bigquery.transfers.update`

  **Note:** This can be a custom role, or you can use the existing Google Cloud role `roles/bigquery.admin`.

#### Configure export BigQuery dataset access
[Add the service account as a principal on the export BigQuery dataset resource][8]:

> 1. In the Explorer pane on the BigQuery page expand your project and select the export BigQuery dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Explorer pane on the BigQuery page, expand your project and select the export BigQuery dataset.
```

  **Note:** This can be a custom role, or you can use the existing Google Cloud role `roles/bigquery.dataEditor`.

### Create or select a Google Cloud Storage bucket
Use an existing Google Cloud Storage bucket or create a new one.
Data is extracted regularly from your Detailed Usage Cost BigQuery dataset to the selected bucket and prefixed with `datadog_cloud_cost_detailed_usage_export`.

**Note:** The bucket [must be co-located][9] with the BigQuery export dataset.

#### Configure bucket access
[Add the service account as a principal on the GCS bucket resource][6]:

> 1. Navigate to the Cloud Storage Buckets page in the Google Cloud console and select your bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the Cloud Storage Buckets page in the Google Cloud console, and select your bucket.
```

> 2. Select the Permissions tab and click the 'Grant access' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the permissions tab and click the **grant access** button.
```

3. In the New principals field, enter the service account.
4. Assign a role with the following permissions:
   * `storage.buckets.get`
   * `storage.objects.create`
   * `storage.objects.delete`
   * `storage.objects.get`
   * `storage.objects.list`

  **Note:** This can be a custom role, or you can use the existing Google Cloud roles `roles/storage.legacyObjectReader` and `roles/storage.legacyBucketWriter`.

### (Optional) Configure cross-project service authorization:
If your integrated Service Account exists in a different Google Cloud Platform project than your billing export dataset, you need to [grant cross-project service account authorization][10]:

1. Trigger the service agent creation by following the [official documentation][11] using the following values:
   * ENDPOINT: `bigquerydatatransfer.googleapis.com`
   * RESOURCE_TYPE: `project`

>    * RESOURCE_ID: export dataset project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * RESOURCE_ID: export dataset project</br>
```

  **Note:** This can be a custom role, or you can use the existing Google Cloud role `roles/bigquery.dataEditor`.

### Create or select a Google Cloud Storage bucket
Use an existing Google Cloud Storage bucket or create a new one.

> Data is extracted regularly from your Detailed Usage Cost BigQuery dataset to the selected bucket, where it will be prefixed with `datadog_cloud_cost_detailed_usage_export`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data is extracted regularly from your Detailed Usage Cost BigQuery dataset to the selected bucket and prefixed with `datadog_cloud_cost_detailed_usage_export`.
```

#### Configure bucket access
[Add the service account as a principal on the GCS bucket resource][6]:
1. Select your bucket in the Google Cloud console (go to the Cloud Storage Buckets page).
2. Select the Permissions tab near the top of the page and click the 'Grant access' button.
3. In the New principals field, enter the service account.
4. Assign a role with the following permissions:
   * `storage.buckets.get`
   * `storage.objects.create`
   * `storage.objects.delete`
   * `storage.objects.get`
   * `storage.objects.list`

  **Note:** This can be a custom role, or you can use the existing Google Cloud roles `roles/storage.legacyObjectReader` and `roles/storage.legacyBucketWriter`.

### (Optional) Configure cross-project service authorization:
If your integrated Service Account exists in a different Google Cloud Platform project than your billing export dataset, you need to [grant cross-project service account authorization][10]:

1. Trigger the service agent creation by following the [official documentation][11] using the following values:
  * ENDPOINT: `bigquerydatatransfer.googleapis.com`
  * RESOURCE_TYPE: `project`

>   * RESOURCE_ID: export dataset project

Reviewer 2: Debating if we should indent these 3 bullet points to improve readability 🧐 

<img width="776" alt="Screenshot 2024-02-09 at 13 56 08" src="https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/assets/14238324/54d202a9-bd0b-46d4-89c7-c65f2d216618">

    This creates a new service agent that looks like `service-<billing project number>@gcp-sa-bigquerydatatransfer.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.
2. Add the BigQuery Data Transfer Service Account role created by the trigger as a principal on your Service Account
3. Assign it the `roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator` role.

### Configure Cloud Costs

> Navigate to [Setup & Configuration][3] and follow the steps provided in-app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Continue to follow the steps indicated in  [Setup & Configuration][3].
```
